PM4Linux-installer
==================

Installer scripting for Pale Moon for Linux
---

## Compiling from source

To compile from source, type in the following:

	tar -xf pminstaller-*-src.tar.xz
	cd pminstaller
	./compile

You can use a custom hostname/IP address instead of always having to contact
Sourceforge:

	./compile 10.0.2.2

## Licensing information

This project is copyrighted under the following terms:

pminstallerer is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

pminstaller is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
pminstaller. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Copyright (C) 2014, George Brown <access2godzilla[ @ ]gmail[ . ]com>

This project uses the following components which are copyrighted under the
following terms:

yad - http://sourceforge.net/projects/yad-dialog/

YAD is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation;
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

YAD is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
YAD. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Copyright (C) 2008-2014, Victor Ananjevsky <ananasik[ @ ]gmail[ . ]com>

bashobfus - https://github.com/Aralhach/bashobfus

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Aralhach

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
